Updated TABL as per name changes (#9299)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/tenant-allow-block-list.md

- URLs to block.
- Files to block.

> - Emails domains or addresses to block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Email domains or addresses to block.
```

- The available URL values are described in the [URL syntax for the Tenant Allow/Block List](#url-syntax-for-the-tenant-allowblock-list) section later in this article.

> - The Tenant Allow/Block List allows a maximum of 500 entries for domains & addresses, 500 entries for URLs, 500 entries for file hashes, and 1024 entries for spoofing (spoofed senders).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Tenant Allow/Block List allows a maximum of 500 entries for domains & addresses, 500 entries for URLs, 500 entries for file hashes, and 1024 entries for spoofing (spoofed senders).
```

- The maximum number of characters for each entry is:
  - File hashes = 64
  - URL = 250

> - 99.999% entries should be active within 30 minutes. Rest of the scenarios can take upto 24 hours. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 99.99% of entries should be active within 30 minutes. The rest of the scenarios can take up to 24 hours. 
```

2. Select the tab you want. The columns that are available depend on the tab you selected:

>    - **Domains & addresses**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Domains and addresses**:
```

   You can click **Group** to group the results. The values that are available depend on the tab you selected:

>    - **Domains & addresses**: You can group the results by **Action**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Domains and addresses**: You can group the results by **Action**.
```

## What to expect after you add an allow or block entry

> After you add an allow entry through the Submissions portal or a block entry in the Tenant Allow/Block List, the entry should start working immediately once the entry in active. 99.99% of entries will be active within 30 minutes, while rest of the cases it can take upto 24 hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you add an allow entry through the Submissions portal or a block entry in the Tenant Allow/Block List, the entry should start working immediately once the entry is active. 99.99% of entries will be active within 30 minutes, while the rest of the cases can take up to 24 hours.
```
